races
are able to enter G1 races,
the most competitive grade of racing.
Among those, there are two races where the
competitors are selected by fan votes.
A second Spring Tennoushou victory!
Teio... hey, your leg...
Tokai Teio-san, were you paying
attention to the lecture?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
There's nothing left.
No Triple Crown, not being undefeated...
What am I supposed to run for now?
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Good morning.
Episode 6
Searching for a Reason
You're McQueen's...
Six months to heal?
Yes. It's a genuine shame I'll be unable
to run in the Takarazuka Kinen,
but for the time being, I'll be recuperating
at home, away from the school.
I assume this means you'll be taking
a break from your team, too.
Yes. I've made sure to
get Trainer's approval.
What has Teio said about it?
You two are rivals, aren't you?
You just competed in the Spring Tennoushou.
The Tennoushou is over now.
My only concern now is
what to do in the future.
I see.
No horse girl can resist their
instinct to seek victory.
If you'll excuse me.
So... you spoke to Teio, then.
Yes.
Though I had thought this type of thing
would be best conveyed in person...
No, this saves me the trouble.
Let's head to our destination, Butler.
Very good, miss.
It's a shame about McQueen,
but Teio's injuries aren't as bad,
so she'll be able to run again in the fall.
Come on, why the long faces?
McQueen's gonna be back, you hear me?
Yeah.
Teio is working hard in spite of
her injuries, so we'd better, too!
Let's start training!
Oh yeah! Time for some
Golshi original special training!
Let's do it, Teio!
Teio-san?
Oh, sorry about that!
Yeah, let's start training.
What did you want to talk about?
I figured I'd run the race
plan for this fall by you.
Tokai Teio's
Perfect Return Racing Plan!!
Tennoushou (Fall)
11/1 (Sunday) Tokyo Racecourse (2,000M) Left-Handed
Japan Cup
11/29 (Sunday) Tokyo Racecourse (2,400M) Left-Handed
Arima Kinen
12/27 Nakayama Racecourse (2,500M) Right-Handed
Osaka Hai
4/4 (Sunday) Hanshin Racecourse (2,200M) Right-Handed
Looks good to me.
That's kind of what I was figuring, anyway.
How's your leg doing? If it's hurting...
It's fine. I was able to
train normally, wasn't I?
Yeah, I guess.
Okay, I'm gonna go, then.
Training normally, huh?
Tennoushou (Spring)
It's been a very intense racing season.
It definitely has, with a lot of drama.
You got it from here!
Takarazuka Kinen
Mejiro Palmer in front! Kania Curation behind her!
Leave it to me!
But there's no catching Palmer!
Because we're BFFs!
And just now—
She crosses the goal!
In McQueen's absence, Palmer has
won the Takarazuka Kinen!
I did it, Trainer!
Huh? Trainer?!
Today's Special Guest
The Ultim-Outrunner Horse Girl!
Mejiro Palmer
Our guest today is Mejiro Palmer-san,
who came away with a splendid
win at the Takarazuka Kinen.
What are your thoughts now,
looking back on the race?
Let's see...
I think at the Tennoushou, I wasn't prepared
enough for how much I'd have to run.
Palmer!
Palmer, Palmer!
But during the Takarazuka,
I could tell Helios was behind me,
going as hard as she could,
Mejiro Palmer
and that made me able to run even more.
Oh, wow! She mentioned me!
I think having someone like a rival
to compete with is really awesome!
Palmer...
Now that I've got a BFF...
no, a running friend,
I know I can win next time!
Thank you so much.
And coming soon is the
next race in the classics.
Today's Special Guest
The Ultim-Outrunner Horse Girl!
Mejiro Palmer
Without a doubt, all eyes are
going to be on Mihono Bourbon.
Racer Profile!
Mihono
Bourbon
She's been undefeated at both the
Satsukishou and the Derby, after all.
I think she'll put on a great
show at the Kikkashou.
We might actually see a horse girl win
the Triple Crown while undefeated!
Autumn's races are shaping
up to be must-sees.
And now, a special profile on the
star horse girl, Mihono Bourbon.
Mihono Bourbon
The Incline Prodigy
Umamusume Tariku
This horse girl's morning starts early.
She never misses her daily training.
It's natural that I work hard.
Onto
an
Undefeated
Triple
Crown...
And winning is equally natural.
Aim to be an undefeated Triple Crown horse girl!
An undefeated Triple Crown, huh?
I've finally come this far.
I know you're there, Rice.
The Triple Crown that even
Tokai Teio-san was unable to achieve...
R
i
c
e
S
h
o
w
e
r
I will make it a reality.
Those are Master's orders,
and I will obey them.
What the hell am I supposed to do?!
Maybe drink less.
I just want her to look forward again.
So I busted my butt for her training plan!
I tried to come up with the
best possible race plan, too!
But...
She's been "fine."
Right! She's been doing a
"fine" job of everything!
But there's not a hint of the old Teio spark!
I know her passion for
racing can't be gone.
But...
What am I supposed to do?!
Unbelievable.
I'm also broke.
Get a grip, would you?!
You managed to work through Tokai Teio's
injury at the derby, didn't you?
But...
But she couldn't achieve
her Triple Crown dream,
and her dream of being
undefeated is gone now, too.
Do you realize how few horse girls
can make their dreams from before
they start racing a reality?
And dreams can take different
shapes over time.
If she can get through this,
Tokai Teio will be even stronger.
You need to have some faith
in her in the meantime.
Ow, ow, ow...
I'm heading out.
Thank you for coming by.
Thanks.
Bartender...
Yes?
You got any glasses that need washing?
There's quite a few to go
to cover your tab, you know.
I've got it handled!
Teio, I'm gonna make sure
you make your comeback!
Bourbon-san!
You can do it!
Come on!
Go, Bourbon!
Mihono Bourbon is out in front!
Rice Shower is moving up,
along with Machikane Tannhäuser!
Mihono Bourbon is maintaining a narrow lead!
But Rice Shower closing in on the outside!
Machikane Tannhäuser moves up the inside!
Rice Shower and Tannhäuser!
Rice Shower's taken the lead!
And she takes the goal!
Kikkashou
Mihono Bourbon is unable
to claim her Triple Crown!
Are you kidding me?!
The Kikkashou's winning
horse girl is Rice Shower!
Wait, what?
Unfortunately, you lost your
chance at the Triple Crown.
Yes.
I'm sorry I was unable to live
up to Master's expectations.
But, I believe I have
gained something in this loss.
Next time, I will win.
Uh, Bourbon-san? Wait!
Gain something... by losing?
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Mejiro Palmer and Daitaku Helios are
seriously outrunning the competition.
There are ten lengths between them
and the third-place runner!
They'll need to close in soon to stand
any chance against the two in the lead!
Is Tokai Teio going to be
all right in her position?
She's had a lot of big ups and
downs in her races recently.
It's a bit worrying.
Ow... I think I hit my rear
on the way out of the gate.
I can't win the Triple
Crown or be undefeated.
I can't be like the Prez anymore.
So why am I even running anymore?
Let's go, Helios!
Yo!
Come on!
Why are they trying so hard?
Tokai Teio is remaining steady,
five to six positions from the rear.
I don't think Teio-san's
feeling well yet.
No, this is fine.
How, exactly?! Can't you
see how far back she is?!
There are things you can only
learn by running in a race.
You need to use this chance
to figure it out, Teio!
If I move further up, will I understand?
Why the others are running?
And why I should run?
Coming around the fourth corner,
and Mejiro Palmer is going for it.
There's a 310 meter straightaway left,
with the Nakayama course being a short one.
You've got this!
We're BFFs!
Lyric Earth is moving
up and narrowing the lead!
And Nice Nature is closing
in from the outside!
And Mejiro Palmer and
Lyric Earth cross the goal!
Oh yeah! I did it! Helios!
Nice job, Ikuno!
Congratulations on third place, Nature-san!
I couldn't make it.
Teio-san... in 11th place?
Oh, damn.
I thought it was supposed to work out.
I've got somewhere to be.
Where are you going?
Let him go, Spe.
But...
Ow, ow, ow...
Damn it.
I thought I had lost everything, but...
I'm glad... I can still be
frustrated after losing.
Damn it! Damn it!
Good.
TOKAI TEIO INJURED
Tokai Teio Injured Again!
Tokai Teio Injured!
Injury to Left Gluteus Medius Will Require Protracted Rehab
What exactly is this?
You get to be Spica's team leader!
I am the leader
Leader?
That's right. From now on, you're going to be
supporting the rest of
the team as its leader.
So I'm not a racer anymore?
Are you trying to say
I don't need to run anymore?
No, no!
There are some things you can only figure out
by working to help others, that's all.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Now, hang on!
This is something that you'll need
to start winning races again!
Win... races?
It's the kind of thing that you can't
really understand without doing it.
Come on! Think of it as an
experiment or something.
So what am I supposed to do?
Sweets! Sweets! Sweets!
Why am I doing this?
Whoa, this one's a total mess!
Spe's
Am I seriously supposed to make this many?
Then again, I guess I ate a bunch, too.
Vodka's
Why's Vodka got so many towels?!
Leader!
D.S.'S
Ugh, that's even more than Vodka's!
Hey, is being a leader really about
doing a bunch of crummy chores?!
Hey, they're not crummy at all.
Horseshoes, diet, laundry...
It's all stuff necessary to run well.
Once you're done, go check
the others out as they run,
Leader.
I'm not sure I buy any of this.
Trainer, I finished...
Kick it up a notch!
Good! Nice times.
I won that time.
No, me!
Go get hydrated!
Leader, could you hand them their drinks?
Oh, okay.
Spe, Golshi, you're next!
Okay!
You got it.
I feel alive again!
I know that I won just now.
Give it a rest! I was faster!
What do you think, Leader?!
Hey...
What are you two racing for?
To beat her!
Stop copying me!
I'm not!
But think about it.
It's not like you're always gonna
be in the same races, right?
What about the rest of the time?
Oh, that doesn't matter at all.
I'd definitely win if it was the same race.
But the other races still matter.
That's right! You better bust your butt
all the time if you want to beat me.
I could say the same thing!
Beating you is easy mode!
Well beating you, Vodka, is super easy mode!
Come on, quit fighting!
Do you suppose Leader-san
is going to be okay?
She's trying to find something.
Beating you is super-duper-uber easy mode!
Her reason for racing.
Well beating you is super-mega-
ultra-hyper-max easy mode!
Her reason for racing?
Looks like everything's ready.
Where the heck am I?
Here
Road
Tracen
Academy
And what's this?
A mission for our leader.
I seriously don't get any of this.
You will if you go.
And remember, you're headed
there as team leader.
So make sure to keep that sash on.
This has to be a prank.
Excuse me—
I'm not wearing it because
I want to, I swear!
You're Tokai Teio-san, right?
Y-Yes.
I knew it!
I'm always rooting for you!
Um, can I shake your hand?
O-Okay...
Thank you so much!
I have something to brag
to my friends about now.
I'm curious, what are you the leader of?
I-It's nothing, really!
PARK VIEWING PLATFORM
See you!
Seriously, where am I?
I've been awaiting your arrival.
Butler-san?!
Leader-sama, thank you
for coming all this way.
You scared me! I didn't
recognize you at first.
And you're calling me "Leader" too, huh?
Right this way, Leader-sama.
Uh, where are we going?
Um...
It's over there.
What is this place?
The Mejiro family's sanatorium.
Um...
Well...
I'm not sure why I'm here.
The young miss is expecting you.
McQueen?
Miss, I've brought Leader-sama to see you.
Excellent work, Butler.
Teio, one moment, please.
R-Right.
Ten more to go.
I am the leader
How are your injuries?
Quite well. I'll be rejoining Spica shortly.
I think I've gained muscle that
will help with my running.
I-I see.
McQueen...
What is it?
McQueen, how can you...
Why do you try so hard?
Because I am only looking at my goal.
Your goal?
Currently, it's to become stronger
than I was before my injury.
After that, it will be defeating
a certain opponent.
I can't afford to dawdle.
I didn't know you had someone like that.
Is it strange?
Well, you blew everyone
away at the Tennoushou.
They're calling you the
greatest stayer in history!
Who could you still want to beat?
It's having someone I want to defeat
that allows me to become stronger.
Stronger?
Much stronger.
I'm quite greedy, I'm afraid.
So I intend to become much, much stronger,
as far as I can take it.
And so, I hope you'll
make your comeback soon.
Wait, is the person you want to beat...
I had never been disappointed by how strong
an opponent seemed before.
It's true that I won the Spring Tennoushou.
Thirty-two hundred meters on turf...
A distance I specialize in.
But we haven't competed over the
distance you specialize in yet.
My distance?
I'm sure there's a distance
that you're best suited to,
much like how I'm called a stayer.
A distance I'm good at...
It wouldn't be fair unless we
raced over that distance, too.
As a horse girl of the Mejiro family,
I cannot claim glory unless
my victory is complete.
Next time, I will crush you,
at your best distance.
So wipe that hollow look off your face.
Your desire for victory, the same one
every horse girl has, isn't gone, is it?
From this moment on, I'd be glad to
to run so as to be a goal for you.
What's that look for?
Well, since you're so set on it,
I guess I could race you.
But you might end up crying when you lose!
I could easily say the same to you.
I'm not gonna lose again!
Challenge accepted.
Incidentally, would you like
to have your injury examined?
Oh, have you forgotten how
skilled my family's doctor is?
I couldn't if I wanted to!
U-Uh, let go!
The preparations are already complete.
D-Don't tell me...
I'm the doctor.
There he is!
Please, enjoy a special course
of the Mejiro family's treatment.
Now, let's move along.
W-Wait a second!
Hang on! Why's he got a needle?!
Because I'm the young lady's doctor.
What is even happening?!